Document DNS records (#1839)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/custom-domains.mdx

/>
<Caption>A configured domain on the Project Domains page.</Caption>

> ## DNS records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DNS Records
```

> Once a domain has been added, all of its DNS records can be found in the Advanced Settings page.

Reviewer 2: Does this apply to domains whose nameservers are set to third party?

Author: Yes that's correct.

> Once a domain has been added, all of its DNS records can be found in the Advanced Settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a domain has been added, all of its DNS Records can be found in the Advanced Settings page.
```

> Once a domain has been added, all of its DNS Records can be found in the Advanced Settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a Domain has been added, all of its DNS Records can be found in the Advanced Settings page.
```

> From there you can view and manage the records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, you can view and manage the records.
```

> ### Step 1: Selecting your domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Selecting your Domain
```

On the [dashboard](/dashboard), click on the **Domains** tab:

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/custom-domains/select-domains-tab-2.png`}
  width={982 / 2}
  height={732 / 2}
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Selecting the <b>Domains</b> tab from the <OrgName /> Dashboard page.</Caption>

> Once on the **Domains** tab, click on the domain for which you want to view the Advanced Settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once on the **Domains** tab, click on a Domain of your choice to view its Advanced Settings page.
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/custom-domains/domains-list-2.png`}
  width={2036 / 2}
  height={830 / 2}
  shadow
/>

> <Caption>Selecting the domain to go to the Advanced Settings page.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Selecting the domain to view its Advanced Settings page.</Caption>
```

> <Caption>Selecting the domain to view its Advanced Settings page.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Selecting the Domain to view its Advanced Settings page.</Caption>
```

> ### Step 2: Add DNS record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Add DNS Record
```

> Once on the Advanced Settings page, fill out the DNS records form and click on the **Add** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once on the Advanced Settings page of your Domain, fill out the DNS Record form and click on the **Add** button.
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/custom-domains/dns-record-form.png`}
  width={2068 / 2}
  height={646 / 2}
  shadow
/>

> <Caption>DNS records form to add a new DNS record.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>DNS Records form to add a new DNS Record.</Caption>
```

> Using the form, you can choose to add between one of the following DNS record types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the form, you can choose to add between one of the following DNS Record types:
```

> Using the form, you can choose to add between one of the following DNS Record types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the form mentioned above, you can then add the DNS Record of your choice. The following types are supported:
```
